More metrics under Metrics system (#901)
change-metrics/monocle: CHANGELOG.md

### Removed
### Fixed

> - [api] Wrong count of self-merged changes metrics on Activity page.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [api] The self-merged count on the Activity page was incorrect and it is now properly calculated.
```

Author: Thanks ! done.
